#summary Installing the boat-shipping project into eclipse

= Pre-Requisite =

  # Install the Eclipse Java IDE from http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
  # After installing, open Eclipse and install Subclipse.  Help -> Eclipse Marketplace.  Search for subversive, and click install.

= Downloading the project source =

  # Import the project using svn.  File -> Import -> SVN -> Project from SVN
  # The URL is https://agent-boat-shipping.googlecode.com/svn/trunk
  # Username is your google username
  # Password is your generated password from the link on the [https://code.google.com/p/agent-boat-shipping/source/checkout source] page.
  # Save the authentication
  # When it asks to normalize the path, click no.
  # Open the project in a new project wizard

= Add Repast library to project =
Properties > Java Build Path > Libraries > Add External JARs. Add repast.jar and all .jar in the lib folder.

= Regularly update =
Regularly update your source.  Whenever you start working on the source, you should update it first to get changes from other people.

  # Right click on the project name in the left panel.  Select Team -> Update

= Commiting changes = 
When you have made some changes to the source, such as adding file(s), or changing file(s), then you will want to commit the changes up to others can see it.  
  # Right click on the project name in the left panel.  Select Team -> Commit
  # Be sure not to commit any files or directories starting with a . (period).  Uncheck them on the bottom of the dialog.
  # Enter a message, and commit.


= Running repast from Eclipse =
To enable running repast from Eclipse, you need to create a Run Configuration.  You must add the repast library to the project library, described above.

  # Run -> Run Configurations...
  # Create a new configuration under Java Application
  # The main class is: {{{uchicago.src.sim.engine.SimInit}}}
  # Under the arguments tab, Program arguments is: {{{org.unl.ShippingSim.ShippingModel}}}
  # VM arguments is: {{{-cp "${project_classpath}"}}}

